Added DNS cache settings to JVM settings doc (#135696)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/elasticsearch/jvm-settings.md

By default, {{es}} configures the JVM to write fatal error logs to the default logging directory. On [RPM](docs-content://deploy-manage/deploy/self-managed/install-elasticsearch-with-rpm.md) and [Debian](docs-content://deploy-manage/deploy/self-managed/install-elasticsearch-with-debian-package.md) packages, this directory is `/var/log/elasticsearch`. On [Linux and MacOS](docs-content://deploy-manage/deploy/self-managed/install-elasticsearch-from-archive-on-linux-macos.md) and [Windows](docs-content://deploy-manage/deploy/self-managed/install-elasticsearch-with-zip-on-windows.md) distributions, the `logs` directory is located under the root of the {{es}} installation.

These are logs produced by the JVM when it encounters a fatal error, such as a segmentation fault. If this path is not suitable for receiving logs, modify the `-XX:ErrorFile=...` entry in [`jvm.options`](#set-jvm-options).

## DNS cache settings [networkaddress-cache-ttl]

> {{es}} runs with a security manager in place. With a security manager in place, the JVM defaults to caching positive hostname resolutions indefinitely and defaults to caching negative hostname resolutions for ten seconds. {{es}} overrides this behavior with default values to cache positive lookups for sixty seconds, and to cache negative lookups for ten seconds. These values should be suitable for most environments, including environments where DNS resolutions vary with time. If not, you can edit the values `es.networkaddress.cache.ttl` and `es.networkaddress.cache.negative.ttl` in the [JVM options](#set-jvm-options). Note that the values [`networkaddress.cache.ttl=<timeout>`](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/guides/net/properties.md) and [`networkaddress.cache.negative.ttl=<timeout>`](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/guides/net/properties.md) in the [Java security policy](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/guides/security/PolicyFiles.md) are ignored by {{es}} unless you remove the settings for `es.networkaddress.cache.ttl` and `es.networkaddress.cache.negative.ttl`.

Reviewer: might as well tidy this. could make it even cleaner to make a better connection between the default value and the setting but we do not have long on this earth

```suggestion
{{es}} runs with a security manager in place. With a security manager in place, the JVM defaults to caching positive hostname resolutions indefinitely and defaults to caching negative hostname resolutions for ten seconds. 

{{es}} overrides this behavior with default values to cache positive lookups for sixty seconds, and to cache negative lookups for ten seconds. These values should be suitable for most environments, including environments where DNS resolutions vary with time. 

If these default values are not suitable, you can edit them:
* Cache positive lookups: `es.networkaddress.cache.ttl`
* Cache negative lookups: `es.networkaddress.cache.negative.ttl`

The values [`networkaddress.cache.ttl=<timeout>`](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/guides/net/properties.md) and [`networkaddress.cache.negative.ttl=<timeout>`](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/guides/net/properties.md) in the [Java security policy](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/guides/security/PolicyFiles.md) are ignored by {{es}} unless you remove the settings for `es.networkaddress.cache.ttl` and `es.networkaddress.cache.negative.ttl`.
```
